# CITS3403_Group_Project
Group Project for CITS3403. Semester 1, 2026, UWA.

NOTE: All the following code only works in Unix/Linux shell. If using Windows, change to WSL.

## How to run this game:

### 1. Set up virtual environment:
Make sure you are in the ```flaskr``` directory, then copy and paste the following code into your terminal:
```
python3 -m venv .venv  (only do this first command if you don't already have .venv)
source .venv/bin/activate
```
This activates the virtual environment. Once you have ```.venv```, install all dependencies from ```requirements.txt```.

(Note: if you are installing any other libraries, please make sure you are installing it within the virtual environment, and update the dependency in ```requirements.txt```.)

Leave your ```.venv``` file in ```.gitignore``` so Git does not track it.

### To exit VENV:
Paste the following code into your terminal:

```
deactivate
```


______

### 2. How to run the game on your device:
### Secret key generated by:
Input the following code into your terminal:
```
python -c 'import os; print(os.urandom(16))'
```
This is to generate the secret key to hash passwords.

Copy and paste the generated result into the ```.env``` file in the following format:
```
FLASK_SECRET_KEY= [your_super_secret_key]
```
(NOTE: Remember to leave ```.env``` inside ```.gitignore``` so Git doesn't track your super secret hash code.)

### To run the game:
First navigate to ```flaskr```'s parent directory using
```
cd ..
```
Inside your terminal, run:
```
python run.py
```
OR for unit testing, run:
```
python runtest.py
```

(NOTE: if any migration/db errors occur, make sure you have made migrations for the db. Check note on how to do this in ```zmodels.py```.)


______
## Cheatcode: how to pass all our games!
### Terms and Conditions game
Answers: B, D, C, C, B

### Sign In Again game
Answer: Click the `Sign In` heading at the top of the page

### Human Check game
Q1: Are you a human checkbox (a simple checkbox that can't be clicked on too quickly or else it would raise a flag) \
Q2: CAPTCHA grid (the user has to click on the bicycle icon that appears on the bottom left of the screen under the CAPTCHA card after 2 failed attempts to pass) \
Q3: Cat paws (the correct answer is 13) \
Q4: Pain slider (0-34 and 76-100 are invalid inputs, the slider has to be held down on for 3 seconds for validation)\ 
Q5: Impossible math question (this task doesn't have a right answer, after 2 attempts, the user will be given to choose between quitting or trying again and if the user chooses to quit they pass but if they continue to tackle it, they'll be stuck in  a loop) 

### Loading Screen game
Answer: Click loading progress bar 3 times, or wait 30 seconds

### Maze game
Answer:
- Controls are inverted
- Obstructive walls appear when you reach 2 predetermined spots. When this happens other walls will disappear to open a new way through.
- Complete the maze and reach the `goal` (target) without the `avatar` (trolley) touching the walls.
- When the screen is too narrow (like mobile users) direction buttons appear below the maze for use.
- If a player touches the walls they will be sent back to the start

### Volume game
Answer: Reach the right-most spot 4 times in a row, then for the 5th time the dot has to land between 75-85%.

### Brightness game
WARNING: this game involves FLASHING lights \
This game requires you to save Bob the bug from the blazing heat and horrifying night. \
When a sun is displayed on the screen, dim your screen with your brightness keys during the confirm screen and press "confirm" or your "B" key to confirm your answer and the latter when a moon is displayed. \
For mobile users, the buttons on the screen are there to change the display brightness for you. \
During the late game, you will encounter the lightning icon (aka flash mode), just continuously click "continue" or "B" to pass.

### Pop Ups game
NOTE: There are two final resolutions for this level.
Passing this level is determined by a map of answers that lead you down either the correct or incorrect path.

`Q1`: "Time to try again! Do you want to go to the next level?"
    yes: "Q3"
    no: "Q2"
      
`Q2`: "Are you procrastinating?"
    yes: "Q4"
    no: "Q5"

`Q3`: "Do you enjoy games of chance?"
    yes: "Q4"
    no: "Q5"

`Q4`: "Do you like surprises?"
    yes: "Q8"
    no: `REDIRECT TO SECRET ENDING`
      
`Q5`: "Haha... there is no escape. Are you ready?"
    yes: "Q6"
    no: "Q11"

`Q6`: "There is no game... You are part of an experiment. Would you like to enter your details for a chance to win an iPad?"
    yes: "Q7"
    no: "Q9"

`Q7`: "You said you don't like games of chance. Liar. Back to the start for you."
    yes: "Q1"
    no: "Q12"
      
`Q8`: "Do you want to play some russian roulette?"
    yes: "Q13"
    no: "Q9"

`Q9`: "You're missing out... But okay. Do you want to go to the next level now?"
    yes: `REDIRECT TO ENDING`
    no: "Q10"

`Q10`: "That was a rhetorical question... Wisdom has been chasing you for a long time, but you have always been faster, huh?"
    yes: `REDIRECT TO ENDING`
      
`Q11`: "That was rhetorical..."
    yes: "Q6"

`Q12`: "No is not an option."
    yes: "Q1"

`Q13`: "Damn, you freaky... Back to the start for you."
    yes: "Q1"

If you keep clicking the wrong answers the map will take you back to the start of the level and you will have to repeat the level to get the right answers.

ALTERNATIVELY: if the first options are `Yes`, `Yes` and then `No` the page will redirect to /secret.
From there the user will have to continuously answer `No` to the presented questions.


